so I just got this guard and it's really
cute really flowy but it's just a little
bit too short so I'm like hey I'm going
to turn this flowy skirt into these
playful shorts perfect for her sometime
so what you're going to need is the
skirt obviously some shorts that you
like the length of a hot glue gun and a
glue stick and some scissors so let's
get started first I'm going to find the
stitching is usually on the side of the
skirts and I'm just going to line those
up in the middle and this is where the
middle of your shorts will be and make
sure that you line up the bottom hem of
the skirt as precisely as you can and
also the size and this will make sure
that your shirts your shorts come out
perfectly and not like a lot side or
anything
now what you're going to do is take the
shorts whatever it doesn't have to be
flowy shorts just whatever ones that you
like how they fit and you're going to
line up the crotch of those shorts with
the middle of the stitching that we
lined up on the skirt just so you can
know where to begin
cutting also if you're working with a
longer skirt you can use the shorts as a
guideline to how short you want the new
shorts to be but since I like the length
of the skirt that I'm already using I'm
just going to keep it and I'm not cut
off the bottom
so after you line up the template shorts
to the skirt you're just going to cut
out a little triangle in the middle
where the stitching is where they meet
up and if you guys don't understand what
I'm talking about I'm gonna flip the
skirt around so you can see so after I
cut out a little triangle now you can
see the shape of shorts oh yeah they're
stuff with a triangle right there and
we're going to use the hot glue gun to
seal together those ends because I don't
know how to sew so just use a little
glue as you go because it dries really
really fast and just make sure you press
down really hard so that it won't go
anywhere or the seam won't bust open so
if you didn't cut the first time
extremely straight that's okay just go
back in some scissors and just cut off
the any jagged edges that you may have
just so the shorts would be nice and
neat and also pull off any extra hot
glue that may have dried up
so this is the finished product really
easy really simple DIYs anyone can
really do it so hope you guys enjoyed
thanks for watching